# Biography

I am currently working as a Postdoctoral Researcher at Texas A&M University on electric power system reliability. 

I have over ten years of research experience in electrical and computer engineering in prestigious institutions. I got my bachelor’s degree in Electrical and Electronic Engineering in 2009 from Huazhong University of Science and Technology (HUST), a top 10 university in China. In 2014, I started my Ph.D. study at the University of Tennessee, Knoxville (UTK), which ranks at the 52nd place in Top Public Schools in the U.S., according to US News 2021 Ranking List. Finally, I obtained my Ph.D. degree in 2018. During my Ph.D. study, I was awarded the “EECS Department Excellence Fellowship” from the University of Tennessee, Knoxville. In 2017, I obtained a certificate of the training program provided by the RT-LAB company on its software and tools.  

After graduation in August 2018, I joined GEIRI North America as a postdoc researcher. The mother company of GEIRI North America is the largest utility in the world that ranks in the top 5 in the Fortune 500 in the recent decade. Then, in August 2019, I was promoted to a full-time software engineer in the same company. During the work there, I co-authored a U.S. patent. Due to my  contribution to the graph-database energy management system project, I was also awarded a letter of thanks from the power utility company of Sichuan province in China. Owing to my expertise, I have been invited to judge the work of others for leading journals, and my reviewing contribution has been recognized by the power systems academic community in 2021. I also ranked 6th in a public machine-learning competition organized by Tesla, Inc.
